**********************************************************************
                           GREEN PROBLEMS
**********************************************************************
                  Four problems numbered 1 through 4
**********************************************************************

PROBLEM 1: Cow Exhibition [Brian Jacokes, 2003]

"Fat and docile, big and dumb, they look so stupid, they aren't much 
fun..."
- Cows with Guns by Dana Lyons

The cows want to prove to the public that they are both smart and fun.  
In order to do this, Bessie has organized an exhibition that will be put 
on by the cows. She has given each of the N (1 <= N <= 100) cows a 
thorough interview and determined two values for each cow: the smartness 
Si (-1000 <= Si <= 1000) of the cow and the funness Fi (-1000 <= Fi <= 
1000) of the cow.

Bessie must choose which cows she wants to bring to her exhibition. She 
believes that the total smartness TS of the group is the sum of the Si's 
and, likewise, the total funness TF of the group is the sum of the Fi's.  
Bessie wants to maximize the sum of TS and TF, but she also wants both of 
these values to be non-negative (since she must also show that the cows 
are well-rounded; a negative TS or TF would ruin this).  Help Bessie 
maximize the sum of TS and TF without letting either of these values 
become negative.

PROBLEM NAME: smrtfun

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer N, the number of cows

* Lines 2..N+1: Two space-separated integers Si and Fi, respectively
        the smartness and  funness for each cow.

SAMPLE INPUT (file smrtfun.in):

5
-5 7
8 -6
6 -3
2 1
-8 -5

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: One integer: the optimal sum of TS and TF such that both TS
        and TF are  non-negative.  If no subset of the cows has
        non-negative TS and non- negative TF, print 0.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file smrtfun.out):

8

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Bessie chooses cows 1, 3, and 4, giving values of TS = -5+6+2 = 3 and TF 
= 7-3+1 = 5, so 3+5 = 8.  Note that adding cow 2 would improve the value 
of TS+TF to 10, but the new value of TF would be negative, so it is not 
allowed.


**********************************************************************

PROBLEM 2: Milking Grid [Tom Widland, 2003]

Every morning when they are milked, the Farmer John's cows form a
rectangular grid that is R (1 <= R <= 10,000) rows by C (1 <= C <=
75) columns. As we all know, Farmer John is quite the expert on cow
behavior, and is currently writing a book about feeding behavior in
cows.  He notices that if each cow is labeled with an uppercase letter
indicating its breed, the two-dimensional pattern formed by his cows
during milking sometimes seems to be made from smaller repeating
rectangular patterns.

Help FJ find the rectangular unit of smallest area that can be
repetitively tiled to make up the entire milking grid.  Note that the
dimensions of the small rectangular unit do not necessarily need to
divide evenly the dimensions of the entire milking grid, as indicated
in the sample input below.

PROBLEM NAME: mgrid

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: R and C

* Lines 2..R+1: The grid that the cows form, with an uppercase letter
        denoting each cow's  breed. Each of the R input lines has C
        characters with no space or other  intervening character.

SAMPLE INPUT (file mgrid.in):

2 5
ABABA
ABABA

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: The area of the smallest unit from which the grid is formed

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file mgrid.out):

2

OUTPUT DETAILS:

The entire milking grid can be constructed from repetitions of the 
pattern 'AB'. 


**********************************************************************

PROBLEM 3: Popular Cows [Brian Dean, 2003]

Every cow's dream is to become the most popular cow in the herd.  In a 
herd of N (1 <= N <= 10,000) cows, you are given up to M (1 <= M <= 
50,000) ordered pairs of the form (A, B) that tell you that cow A thinks 
that cow B is popular.  Since popularity is transitive, if A thinks B is 
popular and B thinks C is popular, then A will also think that C is 
popular, even if this is not explicitly specified by an ordered pair in 
the input.  Your task is to compute the number of cows that are 
considered popular by every other cow.

PROBLEM NAME: popular

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and M

* Lines 2..1+M: Two space-separated numbers A and B, meaning that A
        thinks B is popular.

SAMPLE INPUT (file popular.in):

3 3
1 2
2 1
2 3

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer that is the number of cows who are
        considered popular by  every other cow.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file popular.out):

1

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Cow 3 is the only cow of high popularity.


**********************************************************************

PROBLEM 4: Beauty Contest [Quynh Tran, 2003]

Bessie, Farmer John's prize cow, has just won first place in a bovine 
beauty contest, earning the title 'Miss Cow World'.  As a result, Bessie 
will make a tour of N (2 <= N <= 50,000) farms around the world in order 
to spread goodwill between farmers and their cows.  For simplicity, the 
world will be represented as a two-dimensional plane, where each farm is 
located at a pair of integer coordinates (x,y), each having a value in 
the range  -10,000 ... 10,000.  No two farms share the same pair of 
coordinates.

Even though Bessie travels directly in a straight line between pairs of 
farms, the distance between some farms can be quite large, so she wants to
bring a suitcase full of hay with her so she has enough food to eat on 
each leg of her journey.  Since Bessie refills her suitcase at every farm 
she visits, she wants to determine the maximum possible distance she 
might need to travel so she knows the size of suitcase she must bring.
Help Bessie by computing the maximum distance among all pairs of farms.

PROBLEM NAME: msworld

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer, N

* Lines 2..N+1: Two space-separated integers x and y specifying
        coordinate of each farm

SAMPLE INPUT (file msworld.in):

4
0 0
0 1
1 1
1 0

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer that is the squared distance between the
        pair of farms  that are farthest apart from each other.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file msworld.out):

2

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Farm 1 (0, 0) and farm 3 (1, 1) have the longest distance (square root of 
2)


**********************************************************************
