Problem 1: Above the Median [Brian Dean]

Farmer John has lined up his N (1 <= N <= 100,000) cows in a row to measure
their heights; cow i has height H_i (1 <= H_i <= 1,000,000,000)
nanometers--FJ believes in precise measurements! He wants to take a picture
of some contiguous subsequence of the cows to submit to a bovine
photography contest at the county fair.  

The fair has a very strange rule about all submitted photos: a photograph
is only valid to submit if it depicts a group of cows whose median height
is at least a certain threshold X (1 <= X <= 1,000,000,000).

For purposes of this problem, we define the median of an array A[0...K] to
be A[ceiling(K/2)] after A is sorted, where ceiling(K/2) gives K/2 rounded 
up to the nearest integer (or K/2 itself, it K/2 is an integer to begin
with). For example the median of {7, 3, 2, 6} is 6, and the median of {5,
4, 8} is 5.

Please help FJ count the number of different contiguous subsequences of his
cows that he could potentially submit to the photography contest.

PROBLEM NAME: median

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: N and X.

* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains the single integer H_i.

SAMPLE INPUT (file median.in):

4 6
10
5
6
2

INPUT DETAILS:

FJ's four cows have heights 10, 5, 6, 2. We want to know how many
contiguous subsequences have median at least 6.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: The number of subsequences of FJ's cows that have median at
        least X. Note this may not fit into a 32-bit integer.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file median.out):

7

OUTPUT DETAILS:

There are 10 possible contiguous subsequences to consider. Of these, only 7
have median at least 6. They are {10}, {6}, {10, 5}, {5, 6}, {6, 2}, {10,
5, 6}, {10, 5, 6, 2}.



Problem 2: Binary Sudoku [Brian Dean]

Farmer John's cows like to play an interesting variant of the popular game
of "Sudoku".  Their version involves a 9 x 9 grid of 3 x 3 subgrids, just
like regular Sudoku.  The cows' version, however, uses only binary digits:

000 000 000
001 000 100
000 000 000

000 110 000
000 111 000
000 000 000

000 000 000
000 000 000
000 000 000

The goal of binary Sudoku is to toggle as few bits as possible so that each
of the nine rows, each of the nine columns, and each of the nine 3 x 3
subgrids has even parity (i.e., contains an even number of 1s).  For the
example above, a set of 3 toggles gives a valid solution:

000 000 000
001 000 100
001 000 100

000 110 000
000 110 000
000 000 000

000 000 000
000 000 000
000 000 000

Given the initial state of a binary Sudoku board, please help the cows
determine the minimum number of toggles required to solve it.

PROBLEM NAME: bsudoku

INPUT FORMAT:

* Lines 1..9: Each line contains a 9-digit binary string corresponding
        to one row of the initial game board.

SAMPLE INPUT (file bsudoku.in):

000000000
001000100
000000000
000110000
000111000
000000000
000000000
000000000
000000000

INPUT DETAILS:

The Sudoku board in the sample input is the same as in the problem text above.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: The minimum number of toggles required to make every row,
        column, and subgrid have even parity.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file bsudoku.out):

3

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Three toggles suffice to solve the puzzle.



Problem 3: Cow Steeplechase [Brian Dean]

Farmer John has a brilliant idea for the next great spectator sport: Cow
Steeplechase! As everyone knows, regular steeplechase involves a group of
horses that race around a course filled with obstacles they must jump over.
FJ figures the same contest should work with highly-trained cows, as long
as the obstacles are made short enough.

In order to design his course, FJ makes a diagram of all the N (1 <= N <=
250) possible obstacles he could potentially build. Each one is represented
by a line segment in the 2D plane that is parallel to the horizontal or
vertical axis. Obstacle i has distinct endpoints (X1_i, Y1_i) and (X2_i,
Y2_i) (1 <= X1_i, Y1_i, X2_i, Y2_i <= 1,000,000,000). An example is as follows:

   --+-------   
-----+-----
  ---+---     |
     |     |  |
   --+-----+--+-   |
     |     |  |  | |
     |   --+--+--+-+-
           |  |  | |
              |

FJ would like to build as many of these obstacles as possible, subject to
the constraint that no two of them intersect. Starting with the diagram
above, FJ can build 7 obstacles:

   ----------   
-----------
  -------     |
           |  |
           |  |    |
           |  |  | |
           |  |  | |
           |  |  | |
              |

Two segments are said to intersect if they share any point in common, even
an endpoint of one or both of the segments.  FJ is certain that no two
horizontal segments in the original input diagram will intersect, and that
similarly no two vertical segments in the input diagram will intersect.

Please help FJ determine the maximum number of obstacles he can build.

PROBLEM NAME: steeple

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer: N.

* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains four space-separated integers
        representing an obstacle: X1_i, Y1_i, X2_i, and Y2_i.

SAMPLE INPUT (file steeple.in):

3
4 5 10 5
6 2 6 12
8 3 8 5

INPUT DETAILS:

There are three potential obstacles. The first is a horizontal segment
connecting (4, 5) to (10, 5); the second and third are vertical segments
connecting (6, 2) to (6, 12) and (8, 3) to (8, 5).

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: The maximum number of non-crossing segments FJ can choose.

SAMPLE OUTPUT (file steeple.out):

2

OUTPUT DETAILS:

The optimal solution is to choose both vertical segments.